We got away from Belorado by a bridge over the Tirón river.
Tonight was raining too much. The path has a few puddles, but is in good condition.
The first kilometers of the stage run quiet for a flat track that leads to Tosantos.
After 6 kilometer walking we reach Tosantos . We are in the region of Montes de Oca.
It's a small town. The church Virgen de la Peña belongs. We see it on the right.
We're on the road to Villambistia . The water makes hard the journey by bicycle.
We visite the hermitage of San Esteban, built in the seventeenth century.
We find the ruins of the mozarabic Monasterio de San Félix de Oca, built between the sixth and seventh centuries.
It was a Visigoth work. It was also a refuge for pilgrims.
From the monastery we can see Villafranca Montes de Oca.
We walk around the church of Santiago Apóstol and go up into the Montes de Oca. A grueling first kilometer.
We are surrounded by coniferous and oak . We have to walk 10 kilometers to San Juan de Ortega.
This long walk trhough  Montes de Oca finish. We went down to the sanctuary of San Juan de Ortega.
San Juan de Ortega work much in the central apse. Outwardly it is one of the most beautiful Spanish Romanesque.
San Juan de Ortega began this work in the XII century. He gave his life to help the pilgrims with the construction of bridges and roads.
Many pilgrims sleep  on this iconic place . The sanctuary takes them for 800 years.
Another alternative is to continue to Agés, a pretty village which is reached after descending the mountain of Rebollar.
We are in Agés. Peace and quiet are guaranteed.